This is an adventure for the reader who has never read a full-length novel about birds before. The birds are all very different. The story takes place in an old jungle retreat, which has been abandoned for a century because of pollution. The cave is full of birds in search of food and shelter. As soon as you go into the cave you will meet a strange man named Wulf, who is the leader of the group. He tells you that he and his band of scavengers are going to steal some birds. Wulf and his fellow bandits steal some birds, and then they return to the cave. They don't get much sleep, and they are starving. Wulf's partner in crime, a young boy named Wolt, is also tired, but he isn't hungry. And so, they join Wulf in his search for food. As you move through the cave, you will find yourself in an adventure to save your village from destruction. This is a very wild adventure, but it's also very well written. It's easy to lose yourself in the fantasy world of Wulf and his friends.  There are many characters, many stories, and a lot of dialogue. This is a very fun fantasy story, and this book is worth the price of admission alone.
Wulf and his gang steal birds, and they return to the cave where they are starving. Wulf and his friend Wolt are very hungry.  They go into the cave. They find a huge bird nest. Wulf and Wolt steal the bird nest. They eat the bird. Wulf and Wolt return to their cave.  It's time for them to get up and head out of the cave. They are tired and hungry. They decide to sleep in the cave until dawn. Wulf and his friends start a fire. But they don't have a fire. They don't have enough food.  They don't have anything to eat. They continue sleeping in the cave until it's dark. After a while, they begin to get sick. They are tired and hungry. They decide to go to the cave for food. Wulf and Wolt get to the cave, and they go inside. They see a bird nest. Wulf and his friends start to scavenge. They scavenge for bird food.  They are hungry. They decide to go into the cave. They go in.  They sneak into the cave. They steal some bird food.  They sneak into the